OPMW Validator.

Given a directory, this program will identify the workflow executions and workflow templates contained on it and perform a set of tests.

As a result, a report is produced, stating which is the test that failed.

The tests executed are the following:

* TEST1: ALL EXECUTION ARTIFACTS SHOULD BELONG TO AN ACCOUNT.
* TEST2: ALL EXECUTION ARTIFACTS SHOULD HAVE A LOCATION (VARIABLES) OR VALUE (PARAMETERS).
* TEST3: ALL EXECUTION ARTIFACTS SHOULD BELONG TO A TEMPLATE VARIABLE OR PARAMETER THAT BELONGS TO A TEMPLATE.
* TEST4: ALL EXECUTION ARTIFACTS SHOULD BE USED OR GENERATED BY A PROCESS.
* TEST5: ALL PROCESSES SHOULD BELONG TO AN ACCOUNT.
* TEST6: ALL PROCESSES SHOULD USE OR GENERATE SOME ARTIFACT.
* TEST7: ALL PROCESSES SHOULD HAVE AN EXECUTION CODE ASSOCIATED TO THEM.
* TEST8: ALL PROCESSES SHOULD CORRESPOND TO A PROCESS THAT BELONGS TO A TEMPLATE.
* TEST9: ALL EXECUTIONS MUST BELONG TO A TEMPLATE.
* TEST10: ALL EXECUTIONS MUST HAVE AN END TIME, A START TIME AND A STATUS.
* TEST11: (OPTIONAL TEST) AN ACCOUNT MAY HAVE A POINTER TO THE ORIGINAL LOG FILE.
* TEST12: ALL TEMPLATE ARTIFCATS MUST BELONG TO A TEMPLATE.
* TEST13: ALL TEMPLATE ARTIFACTS MUST BE CONNECTED TO A TEMPLATE PROCESS (testing in  OPMW).
* TEST14: ALL TEMPLATE ARTIFACTS MUST BE CONNECTED TO A TEMPLATE PROCESS (testing in P-PLAN).
* TEST15: ALL TEMPLATE PROCESSES MUST BELONG TO A TEMPLATE (test in OPMW).
* TEST16: ALL TEMPLATE PROCESSES MUST BELONG TO A TEMPLATE (test in PPlan).
* TEST17: ARE THERE ANY UNDECLARED WORKFLOW TEMPLATE PROCESSES?.
* TEST18: ALL TEMPLATE PROCESSES MUST USE OR GENERATE A TEMPLATE ARTIFACT (test in OPMW).
* TEST19: ALL TEMPLATE PROCESSES MUST USE OR GENERATE A TEMPLATE ARTIFACT (test in P-PLAN).
* TEST20: (OPTIONAL TEST) TEMPLATES SHOULD HAVE A VERSION NUMBER.
* TEST21: (OPTIONAL TEST) TEMPLATES SHOULD HAVE A POINTER TO THE NATIVE SYSTEM TEMPLATE.